[R2] get started guide (#3636)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/get-started.md

---
title: Get started
pcx-content-type: get-started
weight: 1
meta:
  title: Get started guide
---

# R2 (beta) get started guide

Cloudflare R2 Storage allows developers to store large amounts of unstructured data without the costly egress bandwidth fees associated with typical cloud storage services.

{{<Aside type="note" header="Beta registration">}}

As of February 2022, R2 is currently under development. You can [sign up to join the waitlist for access](https://www.cloudflare.com/r2-storage/).

{{</Aside>}}

This guide will instruct you through setting up Wrangler to deploying your first R2 bucket.

## 1. Install Wrangler

To create your R2 bucket, install [Wrangler](/get-started/guide#2-install-the-workers-cli), the Workers CLI.

> To install [`wrangler`](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler), ensure you have [`npm` installed](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm). Use a Node version manager like [Volta](https://volta.sh/) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to avoid permission issues or to easily change Node.js versions, then run:
> 
> ```sh
> $ npm install -g @cloudflare/wrangler
> ```
> or install with yarn:
> 
> ```sh
> $ yarn global add @cloudflare/wrangler
> ```
> or install with cargo:
> 
> ```sh
> $ cargo install wrangler
> ```
> Refer to the Wrangler [Install/Update](/cli-wrangler/install-update) page for more information.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
To install [`wrangler`](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler), ensure you have [`npm` installed](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm). Use a Node version manager like [Volta](https://volta.sh/) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to avoid permission issues or to easily change Node.js versions, then run:

```sh
$ npm install -g @cloudflare/wrangler
```

or install with yarn:

```sh
$ yarn global add @cloudflare/wrangler
```

or install with cargo:

```sh
$ cargo install wrangler
```

Refer to the Wrangler [Install/Update](/cli-wrangler/install-update) page for more information.

```

```sh
$ wrangler login
Allow Wrangler to open a page in your browser? [y/n]
y
💁  Opened a link in your default browser: https://dash.cloudflare.com/oauth2/...
```

Open the browser, log into your account, and select **Allow**. This will send an OAuth Token to Wrangler so it can deploy your scripts to Cloudflare.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

R2 requires a Wrangler version of `1.19.8` or higher. To check your Wrangler version, run `wrangler --version`.

{{</Aside>}}

## 3. Create your bucket

Create your bucket by running:

```sh
wrangler r2 bucket create <YOUR_BUCKET_NAME>
```

To check that your bucket was created, run:

```sh
wrangler r2 bucket list
```

After running the `list` command, you will see all bucket names, including the one you have just created.

## 4. Bind your bucket to a Worker

You will need to bind your bucket to a Worker.

{{<Aside type="note" header="Bindings">}}

> A binding is a runtime variable that the Workers runtime provides to your code. The capability of these variables can perform a number of operations depending on what they are bound to; for example, a binding may offer the [KV Namespace API](/workers/runtime-apis/kv), the [Durable Object API](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects), the [R2 API](#api), or it may be one of your user-defined environment variables. Every binding's variable name and behavior is determined by you when deploying the Worker. Refer to the [Environment Variables](/workers/platform/environment-variables) documentation for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
A binding is a how your Worker interacts with external resources such as [KV Namespaces](/workers/runtime-apis/kv), [Durable Objects](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects), or [R2 Buckets](#api). A binding is a runtime variable that the Workers runtime provides to your code. You can declare a variable name in your `wrangler.toml` file that will be bound to these resources at runtime, and interact with them through this variable. Every binding's variable name and behavior is determined by you when deploying the Worker. Refer to the [Environment Variables](https://github.com/workers/platform/environment-variables) documentation for more information.
```

1. [Basic Authentication](/workers/examples/basic-auth): Shows how to restrict access using the HTTP Basic schema.
2. [Using Custom Headers](/workers/examples/auth-with-headers): Allow or deny a request based on a known pre-shared key in a header.
3. [Authorizing users with Auth0](/workers/tutorials/authorize-users-with-auth0#overview): Integrate Auth0, an identity management platform, into a Cloudflare Workers application.

Continuing with your newly created bucket and Worker, you will need to protect all bucket operations. 

For PUT and DELETE requests, you will make use of a new `AUTH_KEY_SECRET` environment variable, which you will define later as a Wrangler secret. 

For GET requests, you will ensure that only a specific file can be requested. All of this custom logic occurs inside of an `authorizeRequest` function, with the `hasValidHeader` function handling the custom header logic. If all validation passes, then the operation is allowed.

```js

> const ALLOW_LIST = ['cat-pic.jpg'];

Reviewer: I would move this declaration down a few lines to right above `authorizeRequest`
